# Comp-Graphic-and-Visualization

I learned a lot of new design skills when working on the final project for this course. I learned how to take a 2D picture and create a 3D world out of this picture by creating a camera, objects, and lighting to make a realistic scene. I started by creating the camera and then building to a plane where all my objects would sit on. From here I had to design how to create my objects. Asking myself if there will be multiple objects needed to create a water bottle and how I would go about doing this. Once I decided which objects I would need to create them. I would then need to scale, rotate, and position them to match my 2D scene. Keeping things organized was the biggest tackle for this project. A lot of code was written so applying comments throughout your code really helps. For future work it is important to stay organized and keep your code commented. Iteration came into play alot during this project. Sometimes I would render the application and textures would not be applied properly or the transparency of my water bottle did not satisify my needs. The milestones took step by step approaches to help with completing the final project. I began by learning how to creating 3D objects and then complex objects. From here I could apply colors and add textures and also make objects transparent. Finally it was time to add lighting to make the scene more realistic. Computational graphics and visualizations helps create a foundation for coming up with an organized strategy to create a project that has a lot of requirements.
